Update working-with-encrypted-passwords.md (#4632)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/security/logins-and-passwords/working-with-encrypted-passwords.md

    [apim]
    enable_secure_vault=true
    ```
    
    !!! warning "Important"
        This configuration should be added before all the other `[apim]` elements or this will result in an error.

>         

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 3.  Run the Cipher tool script, which is available in the `<APIM_HOME>/bin` directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Run the Cipher tool script, which is available in the `<API-M_HOME>/bin` directory. 
```
